Documentation: add information about existing documentation and APIs (#1009)
ansys/pydpf-core: docs/source/concepts/waysofusing.rst

.. _user_guide_waysofusing:

========================================
DPF capabilities and scripting languages
========================================

DPF as a Framework enabling data computation capabilities
---------------------------------------------------------

DPF application: kernel and operator's libraries
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

DPF is a framework that provides data computation capabilities. These capabilities are provided
through libraries of operators. To learn more about the computed data and the operator concepts, see :ref:`user_guide_concepts`.

A DPF application is always composed of a kernel (DataProcessingCore and DPFClientAPI binaries),

> that enables capabilities by loading libraries of operators (for example mapdlOperatorsCore library

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that enables capabilities by loading libraries of operators (for example, mapdlOperatorsCore library
```

is basic library enabled by DPF).

> **A such application is also called a "DPF Server application"**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This application is also called a **DPF Server application**.
```

> Starting a DPF application, it is possible to customize the list of operator's libraries that the kernel loads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When starting a DPF application, you can customize the list of operator's libraries that the kernel loads.
```

To learn more on how to customize the initialization of a DPF application, see :ref:`user_guide_xmlfiles`.

DPF client: available APIs and languages
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

DPF is a framework that provides data computation capabilities. These capabilities are
enabled using the DPF Server application.
These capabilities can be accessed through "client APIs", as shown on the following picture:

.. image:: ../images/drawings/apis_2.png

> 1. DPF server application can be accessed using Ansys Inc product, or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The DPF server application can be accessed using Ansys Inc product, or
```

DPF Server package (see :ref:`ref_getting_started_with_dpf_server`)

> available on the Customer portal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
available on the Customer portal.
```

> 2. Several client APIs are available (CPython, IronPython, C++, and so on)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Several client APIs are available (CPython, IronPython, C++, and so on).
```

> 3. Communication in the same process, or through gRPC (allows to have the client and the servers on different machines)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Communication in the same process, or through gRPC, allows you to have the client and the servers on different machines.
```

Note that **IronPython and CPython APIs are different**, each has specific syntax.

The **list of available operators when using DPF is independent from the language or API which is used**, it only depends
on how the DPF application has been initialized.

Most of the DPF capabilities can be accessed using the operators. For more information about the existing operators, see **Operators** tab.

Enhance DPF capabilities
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> *The available DPF capabilities loaded in a DPF application can be enhanced** by creating new operator's libraries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The available DPF capabilities loaded in a DPF application can be enhanced by creating new operator's libraries.
```

Note that **IronPython and CPython APIs are different**, each has specific syntax.

The **list of available operators when using DPF is independent from the language or API which is used**, it only depends
on how the DPF application has been initialized.

Most of the DPF capabilities can be accessed using the operators. For more information about the existing operators, see **Operators** tab.

Enhance DPF capabilities
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

*The available DPF capabilities loaded in a DPF application can be enhanced** by creating new operator's libraries.
DPF offers multiple development APIs depending on your environment. These plugins can be:
- CPython based (see :ref:`user_guide_custom_operators`)
- C++ based (see C++ documentation)

DPF integration
---------------
DPF is available as a standalone tool and as a tool in Ansys Mechanical. You should decide whether you want
to use standalone DPF or DPF in Mechanical before creating any scripts.

DPF as a standalone application
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Standalone DPF** can be used through any of the previously mentioned APIs.

CPython
-------

> Especially, DPF Standalone capabilities can be enabled using **CPython** and can be accessed via any Python console.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
DPF Standalone capabilities can be enabled using **CPython** and can be accessed via any Python console.
```

Author: I've used "in particular", thanks!
